docs: clarify manifest-generate-paths annotation usage without webhooks (#24421)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/high_availability.md

Argo CD aggressively caches generated manifests and uses the repository commit SHA as a cache key. A new commit to the Git repository invalidates the cache for all applications configured in the repository.

> This can negatively affect repositories with multiple applications. You can use [webhooks](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/blob/master/docs/operator-manual/webhook.md) and the `argocd.argoproj.io/manifest-generate-paths` Application CRD annotation to solve this problem and improve performance.

Reviewer: Just one more suggestion, otherwise LGTM

```suggestion
This can negatively affect repositories with multiple applications. You can use the `argocd.argoproj.io/manifest-generate-paths` Application CRD annotation to solve this problem and improve performance.
```

Argo CD aggressively caches generated manifests and uses the repository commit SHA as a cache key. A new commit to the Git repository invalidates the cache for all applications configured in the repository.
This can negatively affect repositories with multiple applications. You can use [webhooks](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/blob/master/docs/operator-manual/webhook.md) and the `argocd.argoproj.io/manifest-generate-paths` Application CRD annotation to solve this problem and improve performance.

> Note: While the documentation mentions using webhooks with the `argocd.argoproj.io/manifest-generate-paths` annotation, starting with 
> Argo CD v2.11 this annotation can also be used **without configuring any webhooks**. Webhooks are not a pre-condition for this feature. You can rely on the annotation alone to optimize manifest generation.
> 

Reviewer: I think this generally LGTM, although perhaps this can be made clearer in this note that this applies for all apps since 2.11. Something like 

```suggestion
Note: This annotations is available to use for webhooks, and since Argo CD v2.11 this annotation can also be used **without needing to configure any webhooks**. Webhooks are not a pre-condition for this feature. You can rely on the annotation alone to optimize manifest generation.
```

? And then remove the mention of webhooks above
